Zhou Xiao
Why is it you again?
kid
Is that you?
You two were released so soon
Don't think you're not trash if you stick with two women
I'll tell you what.
You only deserve to be trampled under my feet in your life
It is Mr. Lu who severely punishes the down payment
Do you really think Teng Feng dares to do anything to us?
Boy, let's count our accounts slowly
As for now
Get out now
This is not the place for a little guy like you
You don't even look at your weight
Come to a place like this
Do you deserve it? Do you hear me? Go away
I'll settle the score with you after the return banquet is over
It's you who should get out
This party is for me
Hahahahaha, it's up to you.
The Bai family will play the return banquet for you
You don't pee. Take a picture of yourself
Boy, you offend the Lord God
That's what you think about yourself
I don't have to do it.
Who is this guy?
How dare you say that this return banquet is held for him
Who doesn't know this return banquet?
It was specially organized by the Bai family for the Lord God
He said it was held for him, afraid that he would be the master of God?
Do you hear me?
The return banquet of the Bai family was held for the Lord God
You're a skewer trash, do you match you?
I wanted to get along with you as ordinary people
Unexpectedly, in exchange for betrayal
Don't pretend
Showdown, I'm the Lord of God